Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season.
Al: My name is Al.
Kevin: My name is Hugh Morris.
Al: And we are here today to talk about cottagecore game.
Kevin: How'd it go again?
Al: Whoo!
Al: Uh, hello.
Kevin: Hello, I I get it and I
Al: I think it's one of those episodes.
Al: [Laughs]
Kevin: It's it's one of those episodes. I mean we've got stopped to talk about it and
Al: Uh...
Al: Would you have stuff to talk about?
Kevin: And we're not ready
Al: Are we ever ready?
Al: I don't know. Is anyone ever ready
Kevin: No, now you're right about that. Um, I'm less ready. I'm just kind of re watching the direct and oh
Kevin: Yeah, good times
Al: Yeah, well we're gonna talk about that. We're gonna talk about other stuff as well. I played the bubblegum galaxy demo, so I want to talk about that
Kevin: I don't know what that is
Al: Well, we talked about that game like last week
Kevin: We probably did I don't remember
Al: So I'm gonna talk about that obviously we have some news
Al: But first of all Kevin what have you been up to?
Kevin: Oh, so I hit them them ZA credits. Yeah, the Pokemon. Uh, that ending was okay. It was okay. Kind of weird to highlight your, you know, real-time movement based, you know, fighting system with a completely stationary enemy at the end, but okay.
Al: What's what's that?
Al: hey that's not true it's not completely stationary the wiggle about a little bit
Kevin: Oh, fine. They hide in the ground.
Kevin: Oh, sure. True. That's very true. Yeah, the Zygarde stuff was cool. Maybe should have done more of that.
Kevin: So much stuff thought just to the crazy thought. Um, but yeah, I'm still playing. I'm doing post game running around doing the mountain emissions. I've got and catching stuff and buying clothes, you know, the real game.
Kevin: I'm- I still have not fun to show any.
Al: None at all.
Kevin: Says that's my love. None other than the- the mirrory.
Al: How many hours have you gotten this?
Kevin: Um, that's a good question, I have to look it up.
Kevin: I don't know, but at least 20, 30 probably I would guess.
Kevin: Um, but yeah, my brother, he, you know, we all know common steals all my luck.
Kevin: He's found four Chinese before he equated, typically.
Kevin: Um, so yeah, that's me.
Kevin: But one day I may find a shiny, probably not, but we'll see.
Kevin: Anyways, but, uh, it's kind of crazy.
Kevin: Uh, well, okay, you know, back.
Kevin: It's up on second. So poke one does the one thing that you say is all that doesn't. It's very true. And you like, and it is cool. The world state changes post games. Yeah, that's correct. The thing. Zelda doesn't with the post game world state change.
Al: No, so anything that's elder does.
Kevin: And that's, uh, I do think it's pretty cool. It's kind of crazy. You see prism tower looking like that, right? But yeah, it's what it is. I'm enjoying.
Kevin: I think it was pretty clever to open up three battle zones every night instead of one. That's a fun little change, but, but yeah. Anyways, I do you poke them on. I liked it. It's, it's okay. I give it a thumbs up. Um, yeah, it's.
Al: So will you now accept that this game is not a
Kevin: All right. Well, you know, I haven't put the DLC yet to be seen.
Al: The game does not suddenly change it's been a year nearly I was talking about
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Oh my goodness.
Al: this game and and all the way back a year ago you were like I think it's a
Kevin: Yeah. Well, well, you know that that's it's interesting because they framed so much of the marketing and and even in game, right? Like, oh, it's this big restoration project. It's literally just green light curtains going up at places. Very bizarre way of marketing it.
Al: city builder and I was like nope no way
Al: Yeah. I mean, I think I did say that I could see things changing, but it changes as the story goes on.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: It's not like you're going to have a choice in that matter, and that's pretty much what happened.
Al: But yeah, the scale was lower than I was expecting when they highlighted that.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Well, there we go.
Kevin: Yeah, it is what it is, thank her music. I'll give it then.
Kevin: All right, what about you all? What's going on over there?
Al: I've also been playing a little bit asier because I still have some Pokémon to catch the
Al: Legendre's. So I've done the final, like, side quest. So now all of the side quests
Al: are done. I won't tell you what that was, obviously. But yeah, the final DLC side quest.
Al: And I've got another couple of Legendre's. So I'm now down to four Pokémon left to catch.
Al: So 4 Legendre is left to get.
Al: We'll get there eventually.
Kevin: oh yeah man it makes sense with such a limited scale game that they had to crank up
Al: The RNG is killing.
Kevin: the RNG but ooh if it's brutal it's brutal yeah
Al: But I feel like at the point that I'm that they could just make it guaranteed by this point
Al: You're just like just give me the Pokemon. I'm literally nothing else life to do in this game
Al: And I'm just chugging through doing these pointless tasks. I don't even have any more shinies to get
Kevin: bring me from my prison
Al: I have all of the shinies. I need from this game. I just want to finish the decks my word
Kevin: oh
Al: Frustrating anyway, whatever nearly done. We'll have a new Pokemon game to obsess over soon
Al: I'm sure
Kevin: I'm so excited for bakovia get hyped well did you had the pre-order in the news
Al: Yeah, that too, I guess
Kevin: no we gotta get hyped yeah yeah
Al: I don't know the the four leafed plant preorder
Al: Weirdest preorder ever like I think the pre-orders for giving to just the items in general is not great
Al: But whatever and but yeah, it's specifically being a four leafed plant a single potted plant. It's not even an interesting looking plant. It's a generic potted plant
Kevin: Yeah, with no. Yeah. Oh, yeah, it's a little less than a week or month away, I'm excited.
Al: Oh goodness me so stupid
Al: Whoo
Al: No more than a month away. It's the fifth March
Kevin: Yeah, or sorry, other way, I believe hard enough could be less.
Al: Just over a month a month and a
Al: 60s as we're recording when this episode comes out it will be a month and one day so
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: There you go. It's close
Al: Let's just pretend that's what you were talking about. Okay
Al: Well, yeah, so I played the bubblegum that guy
Al: see demo, I finished it, I'll have lots to say, but well, I have some to say about that later on in the episode.
Al: I also tried another demo, Sky Harvest, and by that, don't play that game.
Al: Well, okay, that's a bit unfair. I mean, well, there's not much to talk about with that one,
Kevin: Oh, hey, do we want to get into it?
Al: so I didn't really want to talk about it in the main section. I'll just talk about it here.
Kevin: Oh, that's-
Al: The controller didn't.
Al: Like at all.
Kevin: Oh, yeah!
Al: Like, they don't have like default settings on the Steam Deck that allow you to play it properly and I tried everything, all sorts of combinations of things and I cannot get the game to work at all, like at all, it doesn't register any input whatsoever from my controller.
Al: Like, even all of the ways that Steam can like force it to, it still doesn't work, it doesn't, I cannot get it to work at all.
Al: And it's baffling.
Kevin: Their feature is and to I controller support
Kevin: They went through every length to make sure it doesn't work
Al: Yeah, well that's the thing, it's like there's so many different ways you can have controller support and they actively don't work with any of them, even the ways that work with games that don't have any thought process put into it.
Kevin: Yeah, that's the one like
Kevin: Yeah, oh, that's great failing right at the start good times, but
Al: Super bad.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Now you don't get to experience the three different art styles featured in a single game
Al: I've also been playing some more heartopia and I tried to play that on my Steam Deck, that does work back to the Sky Harvest, but it is not got controller support.
Al: It's very much the mobile game, but on our computer, and you can tell, so it's like you can, you can hack it around and you can
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Al: control everything using controls, but it takes a bit of kind of finiggling around the settings and the, I never got a good, so to, I never got a good two joystick solution working, so I got it working where the left joystick moves your control character around as you would expect, but because of the way that the controls work normally, I couldn't figure out getting the right joystick to actually control the camera.
Kevin: Wow. Right.
Al: have to like press another button as well.
Al: I don't know why you have to like press. Like is it not pretty standard that you just use the mouse to move around. You have to like press a button in many games to move the camera.
Kevin: Uh huh.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: That's wild.
Kevin: Oh, that doesn't sound great.
Kevin: I don't know. I genuinely do not know, I don't plan out of my skates.
Al: - Well, yeah, me neither.
Al: But yeah, so this game is such a weird game.
Al: And I don't enjoy playing on mobile, right?
Al: Because I don't enjoy playing many games like that on mobile.
Al: Mobile works best for quick, easy input,
Al: not like I'm running around a world playing
Al: a cottage core game, right?
Al: Like it just does, I don't like it.
Al: But I don't like playing on my Steam deck either
Al: because the controls don't work well.
Al: It's all to work, but it doesn't work well.
Al: And the other issue is that it's an always on internet game.
Al: So you have to, so like, you're on your phone, right?
Kevin: Oh yeah!
Al: Play, play, blah, blah, whatever.
Al: Okay, swipe away, I'm going away from the game.
Al: I'm going to go do something else.
Al: Two minutes later, you come back
Al: and you have to reconnect to the server.
Al: And it's like, I just, it doesn't encourage you
Al: to keep playing the game, right?
Al: Like it's meant to be a mobile jump in, jump out game.
Al: to the server every time you come to it. I think it's design. It feels like it's
Kevin: Oh, that's wild.
Al: it feels like it's designed to be like multiplayer, right? So like it has to refigure out how the world is
Al: every time you reconnect. Whereas like, but can you imagine if like you were playing Pokemon Go and
Al: you swiped away to go and check a message and you went back into Pokemon Go and it had to relog
Al: you in and reconnect to everything. Like it would just it wouldn't be fun.
Kevin: that that sounds good that that reminds me of slight different because it's the
Kevin: opposite where you know it could be offline but smash bros on 3DS and I think
Kevin: Monster Hunter on the 3DS they would restart the OS every time you started the game
Al: So yeah, it's it's a weird game heartopia. I I'm not really sure like if you I feel like if you want like an always on internet connected
Al: Cartage core game Palia is right there
Al: This just feels like a weird
Al: Kind of not great version of it. I don't know maybe I'll try and put some more time in
Al: I've not got enough thoughts to do like a proper deep dive into the game at this point like everything is fine
Al: but I just don't enjoy playing it
Al: because of all the different control schemes are all not good.
Al: But at least I can play it on my steam deck, unlike Sky Harvest.
Kevin: Oh, man.
Al: Which may as well have just blown my steam deck up.
Kevin: Sounds to me like you should have just sat down at your desk and played on your desktop computer.
Al: Oh my word, yeah. Yeah. All right. Let's talk about some news. First up, we have Tom Adachi Life
Al: have announced the game is coming out on the 16th of April and did our 22 minute long direct
Al: this week. What do you want to talk about this game? I don't let me let me give you my first
Al: because this is my like first proper impressions of this because like I've seen some kind of stuff
Al: around the previous games but not
Al: really. I finally figured out that it's it's just the Sims but silly.
Kevin: Yeah, that's correct. That's exactly what is I even so for reference
Kevin: I have not played the original Tom about your life Calvin and Melia, but I'm not me
Kevin: But I am aware what it is and yeah, it is just the sims, but silly Nintendo and
Al: but like really silly see see when you get the see when you get the overview of the the island
Kevin: And and me's oh, yeah, oh, it's no holds barred over in Tom Adachi world
Kevin: Your go for whatever
Al: about three and a half and nearly four minutes into the gate into the the direct.
Al: Just I think that looks a lot like pokopia at that point, that overview. It feels like
Al: they've got very similar colors and graphics. It doesn't win you obviously when you zoom in,
Al: But just on that overview.
Al: of the island view, I looked at it went, oh, it feels like Pocopia, and why is everything
Al: an island just now?
Kevin: I probably because it's easier to I don't know if that's true at all, but that's my layman's guess
Kevin: but but I think it's because the island is like there's a lot of square elements. It looks almost
Kevin: pixly just on you know the big overview. That's probably what it is, but I can see your point
Kevin: but I mean hey that's only for that moment because you know as it starts filling up it's clearly
Kevin: Not Tocopia or-
Kevin: Could be, I don't know, will.
Al: Yes, no, no, yeah, no, I get once once you start adding things if he was less like and most of the game
Al: You're not seeing that view, right? You're not seeing the overview like that
Al: It was it was literally just that initial like here's the island and you're like, oh goodness that looks like bo-go be alright now
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Just like a small version of it
Kevin: I've got to say I think possibly my favorite part of the whole direct is at the start where they have to reintroduce the concept of me's to the people who don't know
Kevin: But but yeah, it's it seems but okay, I've never played some either so I can't make the comparison, but but
Kevin: It how should I put this?
Kevin: I like to really zoomed in moments direct interactions between people. I don't know if sims is that detailed
Al: It is certainly, yeah, I think even in the Sims 2 had some interactions between the characters.
Al: I don't know back then whether you could, like, whether they would happen naturally,
Al: you could definitely make it happen. I can't remember whether the Sims 2 had, like,
Al: automatic ones or not, but it certainly does in Sims 3 and 4 they certainly do. They live their whole
Al: lives and you can just like direct.
Kevin: - Okay.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well, I mean, hey, like,
Kevin: I don't know if I'm gonna get this.
Kevin: It looks good.
Kevin: I'll say that.
Kevin: Like, it's bringing all that chaotic energy.
Kevin: And, you know, people who I taught at Shefans,
Kevin: I'm sure you're eating well,
Kevin: 'cause this is exactly what you want.
Kevin: It's, you know, add your strong,
Kevin: make me of all your friends and random celebrities
Kevin: and random animal creatures
Kevin: and just have added going chaotic in the world.
Kevin: I like the level of customization.
Kevin: Well, or, you know, variety and stuff like in,
Kevin: so up at least, yeah.
Al: Should we talk about gender?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well, what is there, are we gonna go, whoa.
Al: No.
Kevin: - Wow.
Al: I mean, if people don't already realize this podcast is woke then I don't know what to do.
Al: I'm obviously not doing my job well enough, but you can be mail, female, or non-binary and then you can choose your dating preferences as any or all or none.
Al: This is good.
Kevin: it's, you know what, I think it is the first time in Nintendo history they've ever explicitly made those, or at least not binary for sure that's the first time I believe we've ever seen that option, whether or not, ooh me, you know, there's been a few cases where they've dealt with some of the relationships stuff, excuse me, like in Fire Emblem and what, but.
Kevin: But they it's you know
Kevin: clear steps so that you've been for them.
Al: But it's like in in many of those cases. It's just like you don't really notice it unless you're actively trying to do these things, right?
Kevin: front den center. It's the starting options, yep. Yeah, so yeah, it's pretty cool. I like the
Al: Whereas this is like it's very clearly like hey, this is a thing
Al: You know
Kevin: elements of like where you can sketch stuff in. The dog, the sketched in dog is really good,
Kevin: just completely flat, always from one camera angle. I like that and you know little elements
Kevin: like putting what's on the TV or unclothing. Um, I think it's pretty fun. Yeah.
Kevin: I don't know. Hugh Morris says taking the internet by storm. Sure. He's a clown man, I guess.
Kevin: But, uh, but yeah, I don't know. Looks good. Again, I'm not having played the first one. I can't get too
Kevin: detailed in thoughts other than it looks good. It looks wild, chaotic, where hot dog costume. There you go.
Al: Yeah. All right. Yeah. I mean, I feel like I need to try this.
Kevin: Yeah, is there a demo?
Al: I'm very glad. Oh, good question.
Kevin: Because I believe the original one actually did on 3DS.
Al: I can't see anything any confirmation of a demo,
Al: but there are rumors that there might be a demo.
Kevin: Yeah, that seems appropriate, expected, hopefully.
Al: There's an image claiming to be a screenshot of the demo.
Al: So we will see, I guess.
Al: I'm very glad there's a month and a half
Al: between Pocopey are coming out and this coming out.
Kevin: Ha ha ha! Well, I'll still be on PCOP, I'm gonna be PCOP for life, but good for all of you and other people who want to move on and play other games.
Al: never said I'm moving on. We can play multiple games. It just gives me a month and a half
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you know, I guess so.
Al: to hyper focus on book up here. Okay, cool. I think that we could have hyper focused on all
Kevin: Ah, there you go.
Al: of the details in the trailer, but as neither of us have played the older ones, that feels
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, as, oh, you know what, one, one's funny.
Al: unnecessary and we can just see how the game is once
Kevin: I like the buildings, like, you know, the grocery store, the library.
Kevin: I don't know, just just lots of little details that I like.
Kevin: But anyways, but yeah, again, this is basically an outsider's perspective.
Kevin: Look, school, thumbs up.
Al: Yeah it feels it does feel quite detailed everything right like there's there's there's a lot of different things
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yes, shops and buildings, library with the magic broom, and, and, yeah, yeah, no, I'm, I'm, and yeah, very excited to see our
Al: Yeah and decorations and other items and stuff like that
Kevin: friends come up with the nonsense and the stories that will, in good, come out of that.
Kevin: Which one of my me's world romance, who in, in what island I don't know, we'll see?
Al: Oh yes, we should talk about the weirdness of them disabling, sharing screenshots and screen
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: video from this game, it's super weird.
Kevin: Yeah, that is weird right because me especially are the kind of content you want to share and designs I guess right like
Kevin: Yeah, like share your creations like that's a very basic common function and it's a lot of games right Kirby air writers and animal crossing
Al: And you want it because it gets people more interested in the game, right?
Al: Like, think about how long Breath of the Wild and Tears of the Kingdom just stayed in people's thoughts
Al: because they kept seeing these weird videos of people doing nonsense in them.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: That's true.
Al: And they're like, "Oh, we don't want these things to be shown out of context. Why not?"
Al: I don't understand what you're expecting here. Like, "Oh no, we don't want people to think that
Kevin: Yeah, I'm pretty sure
Al: weird things can happen and weird
Al: if you don't want people to share something that might be a little bit rude
Kevin: I was about to say I i don't think.
Kevin: I don't think the context helps the situation at all.
Al: you're like people are going to share it if they really want people to see it they're going to do it
Al: they're just gonna have to do it in a different way like you disable the button in the game
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: it doesn't stop people from sharing things
Kevin: Yeah, oh
Kevin: On the other hand, it's gonna give a boost to the the YouTube me tutorial panels again. Yeah
Al: [laughing]
Al: - All right, cool.
Kevin: But oh, oh, oh, but would you say that this is perhaps by Nintendo once again making a baffling decision?
Al: baffling, baffling decisions. Classic Nintendo, let's not even talk about dispatch, which may or may not
Kevin: Yes
Kevin: We set the clock
Al: be Nintendo, we'd still don't know. All right, next up we have Japanese Ruderal Life, which is a
Al: game that was previously, or still is currently exclusive to Apple Arcade, but there are
Al: nights a couple months ago and I missed it at the time that it is going to come to Switch and
Al: steam this year. So that's cool.
Kevin: That's cool. What is the game on looking at it? It looks like Japanese rule Stardew. It's a farming it
Al: It's a farming game. Japanese is Japanese star. Yeah, pretty much.
Kevin: It's Stardew, but Japan look at those cherry blossoms. That's it. That's all I see
Al: So yeah, I think we talked about it when it came out on Apple Arcade, but as usual, people don't play games when they're on Apple Arcade.
Kevin: But we're weeps
Kevin: Oh, well, yeah, look, I'm not an Apple person. I'll just leave it at that for and it's those machines are expensive. That's that's that's my point.
Al: Yeah. Yeah. The problem is it is like, do you want to play a subscription for your games?
Kevin: That's that's that's that
Al: I mean, I guess that's the whole point of game pass, but for some reason it doesn't work when Apple
Kevin: a lot. I'm a PC and he's a Mac.
Al: do it. I don't know.
Al: I think there's something specific to cottagecore games that makes me not want to get them
Kevin: What's next?
Al: on a subscription because I have bought a game pass three
Al: on subscription. I'm going to use it some point this year. And I do like the idea because it's like, oh,
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: here's a bunch of games that are on game pass. Let me spend three months playing them all.
Al: But the problem is the cottagecore games are designed to put like hundreds of hours over months.
Al: I don't want to keep paying for that. I want to pay once and be done with it and play the game
Al: forever, whereas other games like like dispatch that we were talking about, like you could see that
Al: sort of thing being on a subscription really good because it's like, oh, let's play through the game.
Kevin: Yeah. Yep. Yeah. That's a good point.
Al: And then we're done. We're done, play, we're done.
Al: I'm finished. Finished with that game and you put it down. And you don't worry about the fact that you're never going to be able to play a game without paying more money because well, I'm done with it.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So yeah, super fun. But anyway, yeah, coming to Steam and Switch sometime this year. So we'll keep you up to date on that.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: 2026.
Al: All right, next we have some secret news that I have not told what Kevin is happening about. So okay.
Kevin: Secret news.
Kevin: I can't know about it.
Al: Kevin, do you remember, I feel like it was earlier this year, maybe it was late last year. We were given news of a mobile sock in a game.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: Yeah. No. No.
Kevin: All right.
Al: And at the time, we had no indication as to whether it was going to be coming out outside of Japan.
Kevin: Yeah, I like it this time!
Al: They've announced the release date for the game is next week, fifth of February. And.
Al: we still don't have confirmation as to whether it's coming outside of Japan. However, the app store entry for the game lists two languages, Japan and English Japanese and English.
Kevin: Okay. That is...
Al: So there is a distinct possibility that the day after this episode comes out, the new sack in a game comes out and is available in a game.
Kevin: Well, think at least it is possible for me to play
Al: This is the mobile one. I will now share with you the link to the Play Store for the game.
Kevin: We're talking about the mobile one, right?
Kevin: Yes
Al: The Play Store one doesn't mention English, but presumably if it's in English,
Al: App Store is on Play Store as well, but I don't think they just don't have the thing for sharing language on that.
Al: I'm presumably that's because it's not released yet or something. I don't know.
Al: Wherever it doesn't say
Al: but yeah, that's a thing the about the game is also has English language in it
Kevin: Okay. Oh, man. Oh, man. I'm, uh, well, I'm double excited because well, one, even if I doesn't get a proper
Al: So we there you go
Kevin: English release, um, uh, it's, uh, you know, it'll be English, it'll be somewhat accessible. Right.
Al: You could do that thing where you're playing and you have like, was it Google Live Translate
Al: on another device and you're seeing the translations, I've done that before.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: It's a very awkward way to play, but...
Kevin: Yeah, we got that we got that
Kevin: Or or are we past the age where there's the the game facts translation
Kevin: Where somebody posts the whole game translation on the game facts. We I think we are but anyways
Kevin: Look, there's there's there's war. There's hope. There's a sliver of hope
Kevin: Anyways, yeah Wilson
Al: But also means we've got some screenshots of the game now as well.
Kevin: Yeah, it's it says chibi looking QTR. I don't know what's going on. It looks honestly. I'll know joke
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: I think it might be a roguelike
Kevin: Because you got a party
Al: Well, it's alright, I wasn't gonna play it anyway, because it's not like I enjoyed the first game.
Kevin: Yeah, fine fine fair, but there's a lot of numbers. There's a party
Al: [laughing]
Al: It's like, "Oh, no, they took a game I didn't like and made it more than I didn't like!"
Kevin: Let's just tell if I work and on this that's interesting
Kevin: That there's a non-zero chance Godzilla will show up
Al: They also I don't know whether this is just like a translation thing, but they appear to have renamed to it was Henuka's pilgrimage.
Al: I know it seems to be Henuka's spirit journey, but that might just be a weird translation issue and it actually is pilgrimage because a spirit journey is a pilgrimage, like that's what it is.
Kevin: That sounds
Kevin: Yeah, that's what it sounds like translation labels
Al: So yeah, if they do, if they do release it in English presumably will have a properly translated name on the actual store at some point.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: So I'm double excited because obviously yeah, this is cool and thrilling. There might be a chance
Kevin: But also because I was just Google trying to find the news as we brought it up
Kevin: I forgot they're also working on on the
Kevin: another game on Coca-Cola, marvelous. I don't remember that, but I just saw that and like, oh, I forgot about that. I'm excited.
Al: And there was also one other thing is that they've said this, there is a steam version of the game coming at some point in the future as well.
Kevin: Ooh! All right, I probably will play this at some point. To tune in for the full Let's Play, where I I rope Liam into translate for me live as I blame. I love sucking. All right. Next up, water is wet. It's cold outside in the US.
Al: all right yeah yeah so so okay so uh it looks like concern tape got fed up of
Al: people talking about the game and he's like I want to chocolates here that is
Al: and says right I'm gonna give you some more information so I'm just gonna read
Al: a bunch of stuff from this blog post um the title is update I'm still
Al: working like always.
Kevin: there it is water is what what
Al: Hey, everyone. Good news. I've been very productive lately on Honda Chocolate here. Here's a screenshot of what looks like a fishing shop of some kind or something like that. Maybe not fishing. It's got a workbench and we've got some stuff on the wall, but there's a Marlin on the wall.
Al: A guy that looks like he could be the, or what's his name, the guy who runs the monster thing in Stardew.
Kevin: Oh, yeah, he's got an eye patch. I forget the the guy outside the mines. I forget his name
Al: Adventurers Guild.
Kevin: Yeah, that's the one
Kevin: But he has a hoodie now, um, I don't remember those that is name
Al: Marlon. Apparently that's his name. So is that just, I don't know, because it's not just
Kevin: Yeah, so is it that guy is he connected universe?
Al: the eye patch. It's also, it's also he's got the same facial hair. And the eye, yeah,
Kevin: It does and the eye patch that is pretty specific
Al: he could, and there's a Marlon above him. So it's not a hint that this is actually Marlon.
Kevin: Huh? That'd be fun. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! (laughs) That's what we do?
Al: Am I reading too much into this? Probably. Then he says, yep, it's take.
Al: it's taking a while to finish the game. That's okay. Spelt incorrectly. Then we have another screenshot
Al: of the player character at a little pond with a waterfall going into it. And it looks like we're
Al: being attacked by a bear.
Kevin: Okay, to be clear this is not a big giant grizzly bear. It looks like a small round thing
Kevin: But does look like a bit technically it's from behind it could be a different animal front who knows, but it is bear as those bear ears
Kevin: They're oh wait. No, they have the animation underneath. That's
Kevin: It's a it's
Kevin: What's a it's a chunk but bear. That's what it is. It's a round thing with legs and ears. That's what it is. There's no neck
Al: Yes. Yeah. Yeah, we got a little 3D version.
Kevin: It's the head body thing
Kevin: It's what it looks like a bare thing right
Al: It's a bare head with a tail and legs.
Kevin: Yeah, that's what it looked that that's what it is. You're being attacked by that you're holding up a stick
Kevin: I don't know what that's doing in this situation, but
Al: It looks like you've been like taken you've been shocked by this like you've got like oh no
Kevin: Yeah, or you're telling it to go to the left you're trying to direct the bears and it is a work shake take your pig
Al: Then he says I know I know I shouldn't have announced the game so early, but I had my reasons I
Kevin: Yeah, he was excited
Al: Suspect those reasons are well. Yeah, so the reasons one is excited and two because if we know about the game
Al: It makes them work quicker theoretically, but who knows
Kevin: Nah
Al: And then we have some portrait
Kevin: Game the greatest motivator of all
Al: and sprites of the three characters, including the one in the shop that we saw before, which the beard is more fuller than this than Marlon's one. So maybe it's not Marlon, but he does look very similar.
Al: Like I just I feel like it is too similar not to be related in some way. He just literally just like Marlon with more beard and a hood-up.
Al: But no, I don't think it is because the hood would do that to the hair. He just looks so, he also looks very suspicious. We then have a blonde-haired lady with a green dress on, who I mean, will be the, you know, archetype of a specific kind of person in the town.
Kevin: And that the hair is slightly different, but I can't be art related, I don't know, but it's like it.
Kevin: I guess so, it does feel a lot like Marlin.
Kevin: It's his brother, Marlin, with an eye.
Al: You know, presumably some, she'll be somebody's daughter, and then we have a judge or, I don't know, he's waiting judge here.
Kevin: Yeah, we'll see well, she made a dateable. I don't know
Kevin: Yep
Kevin: Yeah, I
Kevin: Thought it was like a botler
Kevin: He looks he's he looks like a party at judge hair powdered wig with the curls on the side
Al: Yeah. I mean, maybe, maybe like Thomas Jefferson.
Kevin: I don't know somebody, you know, not pompous, but
Kevin: Yeah, something like that. Yeah, it does look like it could be Thomas Jefferson in the game
Al: I would not, I would not vote again, then I would not bet against that.
Kevin: Oh
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, no, I wouldn't either. Yeah, no, all right
Al: And then he says to debunk a few myths and false assumptions I've seen, quote, haunted chocolate here will be abandoned and the content will be added to Stardew Valley instead. No, first, first, I am not going to abandon haunted chocolate here, but even if I did, I'm not going to add it to Stardew Valley, Stardew Valley and haunted chocolate here separate games.
Al: It doesn't even make, this is such a developer way of saying.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: It doesn't even make sense from a technical perspective as something to talk with here is written from scratch.
Al: It's not the same engine as Stardew Valley, you can't just copy and paste onto chocolate ear into Stardew Valley.
Kevin: That's a lie. We all know that's a lie.
Al: I just, I just love that he's like, I couldn't even do it if I wanted to.
Al: I'm not, I'm not going to, I don't want to, but even if I wanted to, I couldn't.
Kevin: I love all these. Love all these questions.
Al: Quote, the Stardew Valley updates are being used to test out ideas for haunted chocolate ear. Nope.
Al: When, when working, I just love that he's just like, all I, I'm just going to, I'm just going to call you all out here.
Al: Nope, when working on Stardew Valley, I'm not thinking about haunted chocolate ear and vice versa.
Al: I wouldn't test something out in Stardew Valley because that would be unfair to Stardew Valley.
Al: And also, I don't want to spoil ideas for haunted chocolate ear, but adding them first to Stardew Valley.
Al: Also, Stardew Valley is a different game. So you can't really test something for a haunted chocolate ear in an accurate way.
Al: accurate weight. This makes it sound like it's going to be more significantly different
Al: from starchy than people might have been expecting.
Kevin: Well, I mean, here's the thing in on all reality. Like in all honesty. So I mean, no, he's dedicated his life to start you or whatever
Kevin: But this is his first second game. So what that means we don't actually know. So
Kevin: Mm-hmm. Also, Stardew has so much like, you know, that could mean anything for a sequel, you know
Al: can set quote concern yeah yeah well true quote concern tape is working on a new
Al: starchy valley update because he's burnt out and haunted chocolate here no I'm
Al: working on a new starchy valley update because it's a very popular game with a
Al: large ever-growing playerbase and I still have additional ideas under for how to
Al: improve it and quote concern tape says it's not coming out until 2030 I didn't
Al: say that I was asked in 2025 if it would come out within the next five
Al: said I hope so this is very different than saying it's coming out in 2030
Al: the bottom line is I don't want to give a release date the game will come out
Al: when it's done anyway the only thing that really matters is that I keep
Al: making progress on the game and release so I'm going to get back to doing that now
Al: thank you ape TLDR I'm alive the game is still in development and it will come
Al: out when it's ready thank you for your patience which it definitely feels
Kevin: And search.
Al: passive aggressive there. The whole post is the whole post is
Kevin: And certain day versus the internet, it's incredible.
Al: shot up and let me make the game and then he says thank you for your patience.
Kevin: Okay, so again, in the big scheme of things, we've gotten almost nothing still in terms of information on the game.
Kevin: Just a few more screenshots and peaks and stuff.
Kevin: But you know what? You know what I find really, but it's still like the most he's ever said on the
Kevin: game it feels like, um, and you know what's really funny and all this, not a
Kevin: crop of crocklet to be seen. Not a drop!
Al: Hmm. Interesting. I suspect that's deliberate. It doesn't want to give away how the chocolate
Kevin: Does it want to give away the in-depth chocolate making mechanics, which
Al: stuff works. Like, these screenshots are very, very particular and chosen to not give
Kevin: probably actually is very true. I say that snarkly, but
Al: anything away while also giving you something. So yeah, I, I
Kevin: I don't see ghosts either unless it's the gross of Thomas Jefferson
Al: I mean, I don't think we've got any new information here, except from the screenshots
Al: because we were all just assuming that anyway, right? Sensible people were just assuming
Al: all of this stuff that he can't stop doing stardew because he just can't stop himself,
Kevin: Yes. Oh, yeah.
Al: that he clearly just wants to make the game. He announced it too early, but that's just
Al: what he does, right? Like, he announced stardew 1.7 and we know it's not coming out this
Kevin: This is yeah, yeah
Al: here, right? Like he just announces things to
Al: us. And then he says, "Hey, I'm going to go to the
Kevin: And the funny thing is unlike say the the silk song people which were you know different story begin part because money had been given to them up front
Kevin: you know and Sunday delivers like clearly he delivers consistently and constantly like you know you and I
Kevin: being reasonable level headed like we know he's gonna deliver and we're not doubting any of this but it is just it's funny to see. It's funny to see people screaming crying the internet and he's just so fed up be responding. Oh
Al: Yeah, I love that this has it's been five years now since he announced it right and he's and he's finally got to the point when he can't deal with people anymore
Al: And he's just like oh my word would you just let me play the game?
Kevin: You know, oh
Al: Sorry four and a half
Kevin: Okay, you know what here's
Kevin: This just makes me think of random question. We probably discussed it before, but you know looking at it now where we are
Kevin: five years in
Kevin: How big do you think this game is like is it gonna be start-to-base or is it gonna be start-to-base plus a couple of updates?
Al: ooh, that's a good question. So obviously, as he says, they are not the same game and so therefore trying to be like, oh, it'll have this feature or whatever doesn't make any sense, right?
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: But based on the fact that they'll presumably both be life sims of some kind and obviously systems will be different, but also can kind of be the same in some way.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: I, I suspect there are a lot of like quality of life features that might be the same.
Kevin: It's actually a rhythm game
Al: It might exist in Stardew that I don't think he could realistically feel like he could release the game without them because they're something that you would expect.
Kevin: Sure
Al: However, in terms of like, obviously most of the like story and stuff is specific to Stardew, so it wouldn't make any sense to be like, oh, well, it has this much.
Al: I feel like map wise, it's got to be at least as big as Stardew because of how he's kind of expected.
Al: Yeah, I don't know. That's a good question.
Kevin: Mm-hmm. Sounds to me like he lied and he's just using Stardew to test for schmuck. (laughs)
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Yeah. I'm curious, 'cause I, when did he start working on Stardew? I don't do we know that? I don't know.
Al: 2014 I think is what he said is written here. He did right. Give me two seconds. It is on Wikipedia with like a.
Kevin: Yeah, because at the very least, it feels like a shorter gap between starting and starting
Kevin: to its release, you know?
Al: Yeah, so might be 20 or 11 no 20 he's so he publicly announced it in 2012 and then first version came out in 2016, right? So that's four years
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Which, yeah. So, so, so I make you wonder like.
Al: But he so 2012 was when he announced it, but he
Al: graduated from University in 2011 and wasn't able to get a job so presumably in 2011 at some point as
Al: when he started if he announced it in 2012, so we're talking five years from starting to release and
Kevin: Yeah, so.
Kevin: Okay, so.
Al: we're near we're a four and a half years from announcement at this point and obviously he was
Al: working on it before announcement. So it's definitely be in development longer, much longer than
Kevin: yeah so when it when it releases in 2030 like you said um it's going to be three times as much
Al: starchy. I do.
Kevin: development so it has to be at least three times as big of that logic
Al: I just feel like if you're going to if you're going to go if you're going to go for 2030 just wait an extra year and have it on the 10th anniversary of the announcement, right? Like at that point.
Kevin: Oh, dude. You know, it was the worst one of those ever. Final fantasy 15 came out in 2016, if I recall correctly, which was right in between the year, you know, 2015, which would have been appropriate, right?
Kevin: And 2017, which was the 30th anniversary of Final Fantasy. It's just an original, I think it was originally meant for 2015, but to get the land, but it.
Kevin: was really funny. They don't miss both. Anyways, anyways, yeah. Oh, soccer.
Al: Anyway, yeah, haunted chocolate here. Still in development. Not abandoned.
Al: We also have one new game to talk about. This is called fossil quest. You have always dreamt
Kevin: This is my apico!
Al: of creating your own dinosaur museum. I'm just talking to Kevin here, right?
Kevin: I have!
Kevin: Yes, I have!
Al: And now you finally have the space to do it. That's not true. Dig for fossils,
Kevin: Finally!
Al: Assemble your exhibits and create.
Al: The museum of your dreams in this relaxing wholesome life set.
Kevin: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Kevin: That is very exciting!
Al: It's basically the, it's the museum from Animal Crossing. The game.
Kevin: So, I was...
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, and I'm down for...
Al: But, but you get, but the digging mechanic looks quite, kind of, how do I describe this? It looks
Al: kind of like, what was that game? What was the digging game? Like, old arcade digging game?
Kevin: I'm getting dog, guys, but say, yeah, that's what I'm playing to go, to be honest. But I have played special. There's a deep butt. Are you familiar with Spectro's out? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh my gosh, we're gonna get a minute. So I got Spectros. Okay. Originally, first one, I think was. No, Spectro's it's a game.
Al: It's another one I'm talking about. Dig-Dog.
Al: It looks like dig-dog.
Al: How's that? Is that spec-trass? Is that what you're saying?
Al: Spell it for me?
Kevin: P, E, C, E, R, O, B, E, let's expect. And then, yeah, yeah, there was a game made by Disney. It's a Disney IP of all things back when they were trying to do video games.
Al: Oh, spec-trubs, right? Okay, cool. Got you. Got you.
Kevin: And it was a monster collector, but you got the monsters by digging up fossils.
Kevin: And the fossil mechanic, very similar to this, because you, you know, you rotate the cameras like 3D and you're digging off the bits and dirt and the rock off the actual fossil part.
Kevin: Anyways, I'm, I'm madly in love with this. So I have a deep, like, we all know Spencer's is the dinosaur kaiju man, but like, I don't talk about it that much, but I still have deep, deep passion for dinosaurs and fossils and dinosaurs. I said it twice, but I don't care.
Kevin: I'm so excited by this. This, this genuinely excited of organizing fossils, like, they show that like, organize as, as you know, the highlight and like, yeah, yeah, I don't want to organize.
Kevin: It's a fun fact. One of, I would say one of my most prized material possessions. I actually have a triceratops room before triceratops room fossil. Yeah, good, good stuff. I'm excited.
Al: Cool. I have one of those, um, uh, obviously fake ones that you got, like, like a, like a
Al: thing is, um, I can't even remember what it's called. It's like the little, kind of fan-shaped
Al: fossil, I can't remember, but it's, it's like clearly a mass-produced fake version of it,
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited though. Like, the game looks relatively small and
Al: rather than an agile, because you're like, you have like a hundred of them sitting in a box at a
Al: Museum tape.
Kevin: scale or whatever, but I don't care. Like, I will say the fossil parts look very detailed. Like,
Kevin: you know, they're going all in on descriptions and when you get up close, it looks very detailed
Kevin: visually. Um, as opposed to like the more, you know, QT zoomed out the posy life symbol.
Kevin: Part where you're running the museum. But, um, yeah, this looks like a game made by people who
Kevin: will care about fossils. And you know what? That's red. Let's do it. When's it coming out? Do we have a date?
Al: We do not. Oh, yes, that's what I meant to say about this this in at
Al: What they say in the description. Let me find it for you. This game
Kevin: early stages of the battle.
Al: There's fossil quest is in his early stages of development
Al: We currently have a public free prototype on itch where you can play and send us feedback
Al: We'll be updating the prototype when you content
Al: Periodically the game is being made by a small husband and wife team
Al: Which I can't get over the idea of it being a team of small of a small husband and wife
Al: And it's completely independent and self-funded
Kevin: There's a post of the large teams of husbands.
Kevin: You'll go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, that part, too, or just the husband is small.
Al: No, no, no, not the not large team large not small team small husband and small wife in a team
Al: I just couldn't get over the idea that's what they were saying like oh, we're the team of a small husband and a small wife
Al: So I will I will include
Kevin: It's a good sport, J. It's actually what you're referring to.
Al: A small husband and a large wife I
Al: Will include the link to the itch page as well if anybody wants to try out the demo
Kevin: Good, because I am very me, that is actually probably going to be me.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: Oh, look, I know game dev is hard.
Kevin: I want you guys to do well, but I'm going to be, you know, holding it.
Kevin: I'm going to be pressuring them.
Kevin: This one can't die.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: No, not this one.
Kevin: This is my haunted chocolate here.
Al: Oh, righty.
Al: That's-- well, that's the news.
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: Woo.
Kevin: Woo-hoo, we did it.
Al: I think Hunter Chocolate here is only taking as long
Kevin: Yeah, I don't see it.
Al: as it does because Stardew made him so much money.
Al: Right, like Stardew had to be made quicker
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: because he needed money.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: [laughs]
Al: All right, I'm going to talk about the Bubblegum Galaxy demo.
Al: We talked about this couple of times here.
Al: The game is coming out on the 12th of March in which we talked about the last episode, but they do have a demo available now, and it's it's a pretty contained demo, and maybe spent about an hour, an hour and a half and completed the content on the demo.
Kevin: Oh, this one!
Al: It is got two parts to it as we know there's the like kind of puzzle game with the hexagons that you're putting together.
Al: And then there's the you are a person in a world going around an office and basically the concept is that this is your job your job is to make these planets with these hexagons on your computer.
Al: The actual there's much more of the actual puzzle gameplay than there is the rest of the game in the demo, and the demo basically starts off with you getting.
Al: The tutorial and then at the end of the tutorial your gate your computer crashes and that's the kind of majority of the story outside of the puzzles is you're like, oh no, the computer's crash you have to go and talk to people in the office and then you can then start like someone resets the system and you can start doing the puzzle the get the planets again.
Al: There's not a huge amount to that the rest of that story in the demo, but I'm guessing there's more.
Al: To that in the actual game like it feels like it's set up to actually have some sort of story.
Al: But I'm not really sure why it feels almost like, so do you remember my complaints about Mario Rabbid's games.
Kevin: the movement felt weird, didn't it, very far?
Al: Well, so basically I loved the actual like X-Con battle style battles that you did right they were really fun, but then you had to between all of those levels you had to like do this.
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, the puzzle part, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, yes.
Al: another version of the game which is where you're traveling through this world and bad platforming and weird puzzles just to get to the next part of the game that I actually enjoyed and I really kind of feels like that.
Kevin: Bad platforming. Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, remember that.
Al: Well, you're just like here's a here's a list of puzzles that you can do and then after you've done one you get to run around an office for a while before you do the next one and it just it seems a little bit disconnected.
Al: But it's possibly very little of it was
Al: required, right? Like after the tutorial, you're required to go and talk to a bunch of people before you can do any more, but the rest of them
Al: I generally could just jump into the next level straight away. So maybe it's not really the same the same
Al: The I don't know it's hard to know without playing the full game. I did enjoy the puzzles
Al: and I do feel like it's probably not something that could grab me for an entire game
Al: but the puzzles are, the idea behind it is.
Al: You have these tiles, you get like three at a time and you have to decide where to put them on your board and
Al: There's like a limited number of puzzles of tiles you get throughout your whole puzzle
Al: But you only have three at a time, right? And you go, this is the one I'm gonna put down and
Al: Then you have you have to get specific achievements, right? You have to have like
Al: certain number of
Al: flowers or a certain size of grid or you have to
Al: feel like connect to points or some tiles are glitched and you can fix them by
Al: completely surrounding them so you have to like fix three glitches or there's a
Al: whole bunch of like possible things that you can do and to complete the
Al: puzzle you have to do them all without running out of tiles and then obviously
Al: your score is based on how many tiles you have left at the end and also every
Al: tile you put down has a certain amount of score based on like connecting similar
Al: things right so if you got flowers on one tile you want to have another tile
Al: next to it that also has
Al: the sun. So you can get the idea of what the puzzle.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I imagine so something like that right clever lay out basically the puzzle of game
Kevin: Which I'm I'm down for that sense
Kevin: That sounds fun
Kevin: Like overall like I this is the thing we're just talking about it demo, right?
Kevin: It's hard to to fully gauge with the full-scale the ink because I still think there's a lot of
Kevin: Just from the visual like the trailer, I still think the
Kevin: almost 3DS looking visuals of the the you know office part is charming and that being
Kevin: engaging sure probably could be a good character writing but I don't know if that's going to be
Kevin: the case so I don't know it's hard to say and I imagine how I can feel very disgoing to it right because
Kevin: you know you're not seeing like the puzzle parts just a completely different screen everything else is
Kevin: gone so I get how that can feel disjointed and it's it's totally tricky to make you know balance it
Kevin: that make it feel, you know.
Kevin: integrated well or whatever, so that's that's a tough ask, but
Kevin: But again, it's just just to them all right. So fingers still crossed. Um, I mean at least it works, right?
Kevin: We're really certain some bass line benchmarks here. Um, I'd be curious on my one try the puzzle enough says me send
Al: it's it's it's definitely a fun enough demo to play I think it's if it makes you think at all
Al: like this then you know would be would be good and it's kind of self-contained enough that you're
Al: not going to feel like you have to put in hours and hours to get an idea of what it is like
Al: it's you've not got much more than an hour in in the game in the demo to complete all
Al: the content you can I think then you can replay the levels and try and get higher scores and
Al: stuff like that so you could put in more hours into it if you wanted but
Kevin: Sure sure. Yeah, I will see I guess the hope is
Kevin: Like and the puzzles are good enough. It sounds like they're solid enough like I
Kevin: Just hope that it doesn't feel like it should have just been a list of puzzles, you know
Kevin: The other parts good enough
Kevin: The office part
Kevin: Why are you cat with the house on your head? Is that explaining that demo?
Al: No.
Kevin: Start probably will never be explained. That's fine, but I was curious
Al: Yeah, it's fun.
Al: I do, as I say, I'm unsure as to whether I would be wanting to play a full version of this game.
Al: But I guess that's always my problem with puzzle games, right?
Al: I start puzzle games and I do a bunch of them and then I'm like, okay, I get the concept done now.
Al: - You know.
Kevin: Yeah sure fair enough. I saw.
Al: But if you like puzzle games, it seems like if you like puzzle games,
Al: download the demo, see if it's enough puzzle-y for you, I think.
Kevin: Yeah, all right.
Al: Alright, I think that's everything to say about it, because it's just a demo, as you see.
Kevin: Oh, it's just a demo.
Al: But fun to get an idea.
Kevin: That's, that's the thing, the big asterisk on the whole situation.
Al: I'm trying to play more demos, because I feel like if you play a demo, it feels like you get an idea of the game without...
Al: I'm more likely to buy a game and not play it.
Al: Where is I? I'm more likely to actually play a demo, so we're going to try and play more demos this year.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's that's a good point. That's great. We look at it. Yeah, demos are good. That's off to the people who make
Al: - Agreed.
Al: Kevin, thank you for joining me for this podcast.
Al: Is there anything you would like to share with the audience?
Kevin: I'd like to share that. I downloaded also Quest demo on it or whatever. That's already done.
Al: Nice, nice. So we're going to get information from you on that next week, then.
Kevin: Oh, wait, 20 minutes. I have information.
Al: I want to go to bed, I'll be honest with you.
Kevin: No, no, that's fine. That's fine. Um, but yeah, I'm Cooper is at whatever. I'm out there.
Kevin: Oh, but that's all I got. Oh, I also like to share. I got the one guess word on yesterday. Look at
Kevin: Look out.
Al: Whoo, what was it?
Kevin: I am a completely lucky.
Kevin: The word was jumbo.
Al: What was the word?
Al: Jumbo!
Kevin: What about you?
Kevin: What are people to look at your things?
Al: Well, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on blue sky at THS pod. You can send us feedback from our website
Al: Harvestseason.club
Kevin: Do it, it's exciting.
Al: We love it when we get feedback.
Al: Tell us what damma was you've been playing for games. It doesn't have to
Al: be called to score again, you can tell there's any demos you've been playing. You can also on the website find links to everything to do with the podcast, including a link to our patreon where you can get access to our slack. What have we been talking about? Oh yeah, we were talking about a burns night Stuart was sharing their pick
Kevin: I'll be honest. I'll be honest. I don't know what it is. I didn't look it up.
Al: It's just a Scottish holiday.
Kevin: Yeah, that's what I gathered, but I didn't
Kevin: didn't do it. Yeah, all right. All right. Well, in the food.
Al: And then we got, we got pictures of cats as well from Johnny.
Kevin: Yeah, oh, yeah, Johnny is pets.
Kevin: Two of them. That's that's really go to patreon.com. So let's teach us what whatever he just said to go see what kind of cats. They are. I will not reveal it.
Kevin: There's your incentive alone. Join the slack. Find out the cat mystery. Solve it. You'll, you'll only be better for it. I promise.
Al: You can also get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast.
Al: We should have one coming up soon, predicting,
Kevin: Oh, I mean, we have to.
Al: predicting what's happening for Pokemon.
Kevin: Oh, man. I mean, yeah, I'm excited. Those are always fun because we get ridiculous.
Al: That's that's the fun. I think that's everything then. Thank you Kevin for joining me
Kevin: Thank you all for having me on.
Al: Thank you listeners for listening and until next time have a good harvest
Kevin: Good harvest, woo!
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin, Stuart, and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Brutus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we
Theme Tune: discussed in this episode.
Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: I'm just like I'm constantly thinking about book Monday because we're now less than month away.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: And I remember many have been big disappointments and many have been not big disappointments
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: and I wonder which this will be and I feel like it needs to be not a big disappointment because
Kevin: So here's a fit
Al: it's 30th anniversary.
Kevin: It's it's Pokemon 30
Al: They're going to make like half of their money this year.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's the thing, right? Like
Al: Like if they play their cards right, they could make all of the money.
Kevin: And here's the thing I think Pokemon 20 like you remember that Pokemon day when they revealed Sun and Moon and a whole bunch of other stuff
Kevin: Like that was Pokemon go that year to have
Al: year of legendary. That's what they called it. Was it mythical?
Kevin: The year of no mythicals mythicals
Kevin: Yeah, I was mythicals
Kevin: Like that was a banger year and I think that's kind of what really kick started a whole Pokemon day thing because they were kind of doing before
Kevin: But that's when they're like no, we're locking in so yeah expectations are gonna be big so here. Here's my guess
Kevin: I think the expert
Kevin: Because the expectations are so big it's gonna be a let them
Al: Possibly possible
Kevin: Unless they are now Pokemon separate or not tuning for the episode